add note for Detekt compatibility with PreviewPublic rule (#60)
twitter/compose-rules: docs/rules.md

Related rule: [twitter-compose:preview-public-check](https://github.com/twitter/compose-rules/blob/main/rules/common/src/main/kotlin/com/twitter/compose/rules/ComposePreviewPublic.kt)

> NOTE: if you're using Detekt, this may conflict with Detekt's [UnusedPrivateMember rule](https://detekt.dev/docs/rules/style/#unusedprivatemember).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: if you are using Detekt, this may conflict with Detekt's [UnusedPrivateMember rule](https://detekt.dev/docs/rules/style/#unusedprivatemember).
```

> Be sure to set Detekt's [ignoreAnnotated configuration](https://detekt.dev/docs/introduction/compose/#unusedprivatemember) to ['Preview'] for compatibility with this Compose rule.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Be sure to set Detekt's [ignoreAnnotated configuration](https://detekt.dev/docs/introduction/compose/#unusedprivatemember) to ['Preview'] for compatibility with this rule.
```

Nit: My take is that they are all compose rules
